Outer product (#432)
fortran-lang/stdlib: doc/specs/stdlib_linalg.md

    print *, trace(A) ! 1 + 5 + 9
end program demo_trace
```

## `outer_product` - Computes the outer product of two vectors

### Status

Experimental

### Description

> Computes the outer product of two vectors

Reviewer: I suggest to swap the sections `Description` and `Status`

Reviewer 2: Thank you for the comments.
This one puzzles me though, partly because I'm not sure exactly what you are suggesting. Are you suggesting we swap the contents of these sections, the order of these two sections, or something else?
In any case, it's not clear to me why we would want to do this. Thanks.

Reviewer: Sorry for the confusion. What I tried to suggest is to have the following order:
```
### Description

Reviewer: >  Perhaps if we decide to switch the order for these sections in the docs we would want to make a separate issue and pull rather than tucking it away in this PR? If I were to change just my function it wouldn't match the rest of the docs here.

I agree with you. Sorry, and ignore this comment.

> Create a diagonal array or extract the diagonal elements of an array

Reviewer 3: Mind fixing the description?

### Syntax

`d = [[stdlib_linalg(module):outer_product(interface)]](u, v)`

### Arguments

`u`: Shall be a rank-1 array

`v`: Shall be a rank-1 array

### Return value

> Returns a rank-2 array equal to `u v^T` (assuming `u, v` are column vectors). The shape of the returned array is `[size(u), size(v)]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a rank-2 array equal to `u v^T` (where `u, v` are considered as column vectors). The shape of the returned array is `[size(u), size(v)]`.
```

> Returns a rank-2 array equal to `u v^T` (assuming `u, v` are column vectors). The dimensions of the returned array are `[size(u), size(v)]`

Reviewer 3: Instead of "The dimensions" I would say "The shape". Fortran has an intrinsic function `shape`  which will return a rank-1 array of sizes.

### Example

```fortran
program demo_outer_product
    use stdlib_linalg, only: outer_product
    implicit none
    real, allocatable :: A(:,:), u(:), v(:)

>     u = [1. ,2. ,3. ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    u = [1., 2., 3. ]
```

>     u = [1.,2.,3.]

Reviewer 3: For consistency with the rest of the example it's best to add spaces following commas.

    v = [3., 4.]

>     A=outer_product(u,v)

Reviewer 3: Missing spaces before and after equal sign.

>     !A = transpose(reshape([3., 4., 6., 8., 9., 12.], [3,2]))

Reviewer 3: The transpose of a 3×2 array will be a 2×3 array, which disagrees with the description of `outer_product`. I think it's best to just use a reshape, and specify column by column:

 ```
! A = reshape([3., 6., 9., 4., 8., 12.], [3, 2])
```
